turn the machine on Vinny Klein fires up
his hot new invention because machine
emits a flame that feels only slightly
warm to the touch but watch what happens
when he touches anything else
instantaneously I can run a hole right
down through the center that Rick the
flame instantly turns hotter than the
surface of the Sun heats so intense it
takes only seconds to literally burn a
hole through charcoal three seconds
turns a brass ball two glowing liquid
metal tungsten lights up like a sparkler
feel led in other metal slices on
contact get the tip of the welder stays
cool to the touch no other gas won't
will do this Jenny Kline uses an
alternative fuel source once thought
impossible he says people still have
trouble believing in when he reveals his
liquid fuel water take water and
electricity and we break it down through
our very unique electrolysis process
Klein has just patented his process of
converting h2o to HH o producing a gas
that combines the atomic power of
hydrogen with the chemical stability of
water it turns right back to water you
see the water running off of this Klein
originally designed his water burning
engine for cutting metal he thought his
invention would replace volatile
acetylene welding factories then one day
as he drove to his laboratory in
Clearwater he thought of another way to
burn his hho gas on 100 mile trip we use
about four ounces of water Klein says
his prototype 1994 Ford Escort can
travel exclusively on water though he
currently has it rigged to run as water
and gasoline hybrid simply speaking they
can change the world by reducing our
dependence on fossil fuels these are
equivalent to our pete Domenici is
helping Klein take this hydrogen
technology patents from a two-room
office in clearwater to consumer markets
around the world you know what Microsoft
came out of nowhere came out of the
garage why not hydrogen technologies the
duo is already in negotiations with one
US automaker and the US government their
plans have grown from basic welding with
water to powering the entire world from
the safest and cleanest fuel
on earth craig patrick fox news members
of congress recently invited kelly kline
to Washington to demonstrate his
technology now his company is currently
developing a Hummer for the US military
that can run on both water and gasoline
so far his water powered engines had
passed all performance safety
inspections so all systems appear to be
go right now gives new meaning to the
term running water you just have to hope
the water prices don't go up again